NMS-12373: Provisiond Docs Update (#3521)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/integration.adoc

[[provisiond-integration]]

> = Integrating with provisiond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Integrating with Provisiond
```
In this case it should be capitalized, as we are using it as a proper name for the daemon.

=== Step 1 - Create a foreign source

To define the policies for this group of nodes you need to create a foreign source for the group.
You can do so using the xref:development:rest/foreign_sources.adoc[foreign sources] ReST API:

> NOTE: The XML can be imbedded in the curl command option `-d` or be referenced from a file if the `@` prefix is used with the file name as in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can imbed the XML in the curl command option `-d` or reference it from a file if you use `@` prefix with the file name, as in this case.
```

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can embed the XML in the curl command with option `-d` or reference it from a file if you use `@` prefix with the file name, as in this case.
```

</foreign-source>
----

> Here is an example curl command used to create the foreign source with the above foreign source specification above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example curl command used to create the foreign source with the above foreign source specification:
```

The foreign-source must match the name of the requisition.
In the following example, the xref:development:rest/requisitions.adoc[requisitions] ReST API will automatically create a requisition based on the value of the foreign-source attribute specified in the XML requisition.

[source, bash]
----
curl -v -u admin:admin -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -d '<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><model-import xmlns="http://xmlns.opennms.org/xsd/config/model-import" date-stamp="2009-03-07T17:56:53.123-05:00" last-import="2009-03-07T17:56:53.117-05:00" foreign-source="customer-a"><node node-label="p-brane" foreign-id="1" ><interface ip-addr="10.0.1.3" descr="en1" status="1" snmp-primary="P"><monitored-service service-name="ICMP"/><monitored-service service-name="SNMP"/></interface><category name="Production"/><category name="Routers"/></node><node node-label="m-brane" foreign-id="2" ><interface ip-addr="10.0.1.4" descr="en1" status="1" snmp-primary="P"><monitored-service service-name="ICMP"/><monitored-service service-name="SNMP"/></interface><category name="Production"/><category name="Routers"/></node></model-import>' http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/requisitions
----

> A requisition file called `etc/imports/customer-a.xml` will be found on the {page-component-title} system following the successful completion of this curl command and will also be visible via the WebUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A requisition file called `etc/imports/customer-a.xml` will be found on the {page-component-title} system following the successful completion of this curl command and will also be visible via the Web UI.
```

Before the requisition's nodes are populated into the database, Provisiond needs to perform an import (also referred to as synchronization).

> Here an the example using the curl command to import the requisition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example using the curl command to import the requisition:
```

[source, bash]
----
curl -v -u admin:admin -X PUT http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/requisitions/customer-a/import
----

> NOTE: Add, Update, and Delete operations handled via the ReST API in the same manner as described in the xref:development:rest/rest-api.adoc[ReST API documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Add, Update, and Delete operations are handled via the ReST API in the same manner as described in the xref:development:rest/rest-api.adoc[ReST API documentation].
```

</foreign-source>
----

> Here is an example curl command used to create the foreign source with the above foreign source specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example curl command to create the foreign source with the above foreign source specification:
```

----

A requisition file called `etc/imports/customer-a.xml` will be found on the {page-component-title} system following the successful completion of this curl command and will also be visible via the Web UI.

Before the requisition's nodes are populated into the database, Provisiond needs to perform an import (also referred to as synchronization).
Here is an example using the curl command to import the requisition:

[source, bash]
----
curl -v -u admin:admin -X PUT http://localhost:8980/opennms/rest/requisitions/customer-a/import
----

> NOTE: Add, Update, and Delete operations are handled via the ReST API in the same manner as described in the xref:development:rest/rest-api.adoc[ReST API documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The REST API handles Add, Update, and Delete operations in the same manner as described in the xref:development:rest/rest-api.adoc[REST API documentation].
```
